what are we doing here though this is
both living room Frank we're doing I
need you look I'm retired okay you
haven't killed anybody in the plans
that's a positive thing they're coming I
can feel it huh 96 hours ago somebody
sent you and I took part in an operation
called nightshade at the height of the
Cold War a Megaton device was smuggled
in a Moscow piece by piece and then
reassembled
scientists was Edward Bailey he's in an
asylum for the criminally insane Frank
Moses My dear fellow I'm Soho you've
been locked up here for 32 years
come on Frank you're gonna be kidding me
yet come on put him up 11 million people
gonna lose their lives if you don't help
me is there any way you can tell us
where the bombs I invented it not good
mi6 has just given me a contract to kill
you apparently you're number one on
Interpol's most wanted why'd you say
it's important to enjoy life while you
still can
they're sending an old friend of yours
as well
this best contract killing the world we
need help
hello Frank Russia trouble how are
things
yeah right how are things what are you
doing kissing my girl what happens in
the Kremlin stays in the Kremlin you
gave her a gun she no idea what's doing
this exactly what to do with it like the
old days friend I hate her so much
you're dead man Moses are you dead yet
I never heard of you must be a little
bit before my time
well you've heard of me now
saving the world Kavya nostrovia
who didn't did